Cardiff Carnival 25th Anniversary Project.
Interviewer Steve Fletcher.
Interviewee Fionn Campbell-Davies.
The date today is Friday the 19th of December
and the venue for the interview is the Swicker office.
Fionn, would you be kind enough to
spell your name in full
for posterity?
Fionn, C-A-M-P-B-E-L-D-A-V-I-E-S.
Thank you very much indeed.
So Fionn, how did you first get involved in Cardiff Carnival?
I was really young, I was probably about four or five years old
and it was my mum who got me involved
and initially I think she'd heard about it
and she must have seen it the previous year
and watched it and I was probably with her.
I don't really remember the very beginnings of,
you know, how we got there. I just remember doing the carnival.
So my first carnival that I participated in,
I don't remember what costume I was wearing.
I don't, I just remember that the route used to be from,
is it the Cattays Community Centre? And so I remember the Cattays Community Centre
and I remember what it used to look like inside
and you know, it'd have all these crazy big
structures hanging up from the ceiling and there'd be music playing outside,
drumming and I just remember it was really weird. I thought it was weird when
I first went there. I just thought there's nothing I've ever seen like this
before in my whole life and literally every shade and size and
personality range of people all together in one building and I thought
this is bizarre. And yeah, it was amazing actually
because when you're so young and then you just see all these different types of
characters and people and all these different costumes and
there's all these different bright colours
and there's people making costumes, there's people putting on costumes and
trying on costumes, there's also music and people drumming and people
trying things outside. It's a lot to take in for a child I
think and I remember from maybe a few years down the line
I went with a friend, obviously still with my mum
because I was probably what maybe eight or nine years old and I took a friend
and my friend freaked out and that's when I realised, okay this is not
not everyone can handle this. This is powerful juju.
And I think because of my upbringing, because of my mum being an
artist and my mum being a dancer and also my father being a dancer
and we traveled a lot and being familiar with
street art and dance and music and costumes and crazy people in general.
My mum used to have been taken around when she was
performing and would be in the dressing room
and artists are weird people, they're crazy
and so that is something that I was used to and I guess my friend
wasn't used to that kind of stuff and
I guess for a child as well if you've got people on stilts
and they're in crazy costumes and they're literally like
12 feet above adult size that's pretty scary and so for me
seeing my friend freak out was like a big sort of like wake-up call
I thought oh okay I get it now. Not everybody spends the summer this way.
Yeah and so for quite a few years I think
we did the carnival and I remember one particular year more than any of the
others because it seems to be at that age it was a bit of a blur it was just
like oh I did carnival but it was one blur of a few years mixed together but
I do remember one particular year and it was the year that it rained
and we got massive like publicity as well because it rained and
like costumes being adapted on the day and I remember particularly our costume
that was supposed to look one way and then we ended up completely changing it
because there was something I think it was a plasticky fabric I
can't remember what the fabric was but it was plastic
and it was supposed to be on the body wrapped somewhere on the body we ended
up using that material and wrapping it on our heads and we ended up looking
sweeties and I remember just looking like sweet rappers and the reason why we did
that is so that we would not get wet but it actually ended up looking really good
and yeah and then I remember also another time was when it was the night
carnival and we finished by the museum and it was like I don't know what time it
was but I just remember being like oh my god I'm supposed to be in bed and it's
like really really really late and I've never been out this late before
and they had all these like amazing costumes and some of them had like
lights on them as well for the feature of the fact that it was in the evening
and I just remember one particular set of costumes that stood out for me that I'll
never forget was the skeleton costumes because they looked amazing they were
basically body suits with imagery of skeletons but then they were like glowing lights on them
and I don't know if it was neon glow in the dark or if it were actually else
led lights yeah and so yeah that image in my head will always be like a classic
carnival years memories that's one that comes straight to my mind and also just
because it's a spectacular thing to see like on the the the framing of the museum staircase
and having live percussion like on the stairs and then the actual costumes on the top part
of the entrance and you're just standing there from a distance and you're looking at it and
you're just thinking wow like that just looks amazing and obviously I was in the con I was in
the procession but then that that final kind of finish up it is it is spectacular that you
kind of forget you're in the procession yourself and you're just like oh my god and I think that's
probably a lot of the times I don't remember what I was wearing actually if you'd asked me oh what
what you know what did you wear each year you know when you're that age I don't have a clue
because I think I was always so fascinated by all the other costumes around me that I've totally
forgot what I was wearing and then yeah and then I didn't I stopped going I think and it was probably
to do with you know school projects and getting you know school became more academic and was doing
more projects you know outside of school and after school dance and things like that that
probably didn't go for maybe a few years and probably as well because I went away during that
time was a summer period like you do go on holiday but I think then when I came back
the carnival had moved to the pavilion in Butetown and that was again very very different
it was almost like a totally separate carnival to the first few ones that I'd been to when I was younger
and I think as well it was different because that time my mum was then working in it and she
was teaching dance and it used to be with Jane Bellamy and my mum and then I remember that being
very different again I think it changes a lot depending who's running you know the classes
who's running the music sessions you know who's leading the creative sector of it it changes
because each person has their personality and how they run things it's very different and I think
that also affects everything else so it gives a totally different vibe and so each person that
then is working on the carnival gives something different to the next person and the next person
the next person that comes and that's what I really like actually about the journey that
carnival's gone through is that we've seen all the different shades and colours of what people bring
to the process of being involved in carnival and so yeah I think when it's the first year or so or
the first few years I remember one of my costumes very very specifically because I remember rehearsing
so much for the dance and I think it was probably also to do the fact that I had been doing dance
outside of school and that you know that at that point in my life I was kind of getting more
involved in dance I was a little bit older I was probably what was 11 no probably 9 10 that age
and it was the costume was like skyscrapers like building basically a building doesn't sound
amazing now I'm saying it but it was amazing it was like a backpack it was the first time that I
was wearing a backpack and it was a children's backpack so it wasn't huge but obviously when
you're that age and you've never worn a backpack before it is huge to you and you're like oh my
god it's heavy and how are we going to dance with this you know and then you look back at the photos
and you're like oh that was nothing what am I talking about but yeah it was it was a new
experience for me because it's dancing with a backpack is very different to just you know
freestyling on the street and doing what the hell you like and doing cartwheels and running up and
down the road you can't really do that when you've got a backpack and likewise you can't really just
be bumping into any old person because you've got to be spatially aware and so the choreography
that we've learnt it was all about you know being aware of each other because you know you're in a
group and and there's probably about 10 people with the same backpack so when you're doing turns
and things like that and you're traveling to the side to stay in line with the people next to you
and so there's all these kind of skills that I was learning and it's not really skills that you
would learn in the dance class because you don't wear backpacks like how often in your life do you
say yeah I wear a backpack yeah so it's very specific to carnival experience and yeah I just
remember loving it like that particular year I really really enjoyed because it felt
so full on I just remember Monday to Friday every day there was a session maybe it was an hour
or two hours with a break in between and you'd have your dance class and it was very structured
so you know most of the day you're kind of here and there kind of creating bits and bobs here
and there helping out you come and go but then there's a set hour that you know okay now we're
going to do some dancing and what's nice is that gradually throughout the weeks you start to see
the costumes come together and you might you know in one rehearsal you might think oh now the hats
are finished so we can dance with the hats you know and that's really exciting because it's like
oh the costume's almost ready and then you know the last week you can actually practice with the
backpacks and you realize oh I've been doing the turns and leg kicks like this but now we can't do
it like that because it's totally different when you've got a backpack and you know I can't do this
crazy whip that I was doing before now I've got to be a little bit more agile and make sure they
don't bump into the person next to me and so there's all these things that the process that
you go through from the first week to the second week to the third week is very different and
so that was that was the first maybe it could have been the second year maybe of being at the
pavilion and I remember a lot about being in the pavilion because the space the environment was
very different you had like field in the back where you could always go out and practice dancing
outside which I don't remember doing so much at Cattay's and I think that's just because it was
the main road right outside the building so that was different having space where you could actually
freely go out whenever you wanted and go over some dancing and there would be classes music
classes percussion that sometimes they would be in the room upstairs or sometimes they would be
outside depending on the weather and I think that really changes it completely because it
it's more related and suited to the actual day of the carnival because that is outdoors that is on
the road and you do have to travel and move forwards progressively it's not just you know
if you're dancing you're not just on the spot you are constantly moving forwards and so I think
it's one thing you notice and I think a lot of people notice and it's one thing people talk about
is when you're learning things even for the musicians when you're drumming it suddenly becomes
a totally different world when you've got to coordinate your hands and your legs at the same
time and you're thinking oh my god like this is just totally different I don't even think I can
do this but somehow you get there in the end you know because when you're practicing you're
sitting down or you're just standing still but then the day of the carnival you're actually
expected to walk for maybe 40 minutes you know and drumming continuously and obviously there are
breaks and stops here and there but generally speaking it's a very different process and so
yeah I think it's the same with the dance that's something that you know is always exciting because
it's a challenge and it's and the other thing that's exciting is the element of surprise because
you can't actually predict what the day of the carnival is going to be like you can't predict
how your costume is going to be you can't predict you know how certain you know crowds at certain
points that you arrive are going to shock you or surprise you or put you off or you know the roads
are going to be really narrow at one point and then they're going to be really broad at another
point and how you respond to all those changes as you're going along is all about being in
in the mood like not in the mood but in the state of mind and staying in that place of
complete commitment to just enjoying carnival like you have to just go with it and I think it's
probably not suited to people who like to know how things are going to go because you know that's why
maybe sometimes people do get a bit pissed off during carnival because they think oh well you
know I can't dance now because the road's narrow and you know and they get a bit stressed and
you know it's like listen you just got to go with that yeah you got to brush it off it's all part
of the experience but I think for me growing up and being young and going through it from a young
age and till I'm the age that I am now I've been able to kind of adapt and understand all those
processes and the experiences that I've had have taught me lots of different things you know when
there was a year that I kind of put a lot of I think I was probably maybe 14, 15 I put a lot of
effort into not that I hadn't previously but this particular year I put a lot of effort into my own
costume because I think previously you kind of sometimes you don't know what costume you're
going to wear until the last week but you're still there helping out and it was this year that I knew
I was like right this is a costume I'm going to have and I'm going to make sure that mine's the
best and you know I'm going to spend every day like putting all my sequins on it and blah blah blah
and you have a particular expectation or particular view of how it's going to turn out
and how it's going to look on you even though you haven't even tried it out yet because you're still
putting it together but you're still like oh it's yeah it's going to look like this and it's going
to fit like this and this is how it's going to go and then the last week comes and you're thinking
oh my god it's not it's not actually coming together how I wanted it to and it's not
fitting on me how I wanted it to I wanted to be a little bit shorter here and a little bit longer
there and you know and the hat is falling every time I dance it's falling down drooping over my
face and you know and all these things are part of the experience but you know when you're just
realizing those things it becomes a bit of a stressy moment and you're thinking ah no it was
supposed to be perfect and I think when you hold on to those things that's when you have a difficult
time because that was probably one of the years I did was very frustrated because you know obviously
if you're going to be dancing and and walking for 40 minutes your costume isn't going to stay sitting
perfectly on you for the whole time and I think people who don't know about carnival who are not
experienced they don't know these things and you know sometimes it sounds silly because you you you
kind of after the experience you think oh my god I was so stupid like why did I think that was
going to be like that obviously not you know and the same when you're designing a backpack you know
you have an idea or you have an image of yeah it's going to look like this and it's going to fit like
that but when it comes to actually the logic of it and you know how much weight you've got on the
left and how much weight you've got on the right and how structurally how equal and how balanced it
is if it's a if it's a shape that you think oh my god it's a really unique shape it's going to look
really interesting but the actual statistics of it is that there's more weight on the left than
there is on the right obviously after 20 minutes of walking with more weight on the left and the
right you're obviously going to have a backache when the breeze comes it's obviously going to
you know trip you up and make you fall to one side than the other and you're going to really
struggle with it and you know the kind of knowledge that I have now I can apply that and I can at least
know that okay yes this year I'm being ambitious and this year yeah I'm going to have a really bad
left side of my back but I want to create this shape and this is you know the costume that I
want to make or I would ideally like to wear this costume but I'm aware that it's going to be tricky
or I'm aware that yeah it's not going to be that easy or that comfortable to wear but when you're
younger you don't know all these things and so there have been you know a year one one year here
one year there like in the summer where it hasn't been that great or I haven't enjoyed it because
I've had those expectations and I haven't achieved those expectations because I didn't think it
through properly and you know there's been I remember that that the year that I'm talking
about was it was a skirt a samba skirt that I had and the beads just fell off because the way I'd
made it you know it wasn't made with the knowledge that you know maybe someone who's done it a few
years who's been making samba style costume because there's lots of different styles of
costumes you can make there's lots of different ways of making skirts or making trousers or making
tops and this this style that I was going for you know the way that you would make it
you know it wasn't the approach that I was going for it was more of a visual so I was looking at
it thinking this is going to look good but I wasn't actually aware of how it's made how is
that going to last what's the durability of it and I think that's something when you have experience
that's all all those kind of elements have to take place when you make a costume you have to
think about is it is it durable more longer than 30 minutes longer than 40 minutes is going to last
is it going to last rain is it going to last wind is it going to last through dancing because some
costumes you can wear if you're just walking but if you start dancing in it it starts to slowly
fall apart you know and so that's another thing you have to bear in mind and I guess as well if
I was making costume purely for myself one of the things that I have to take into consideration
which maybe not everyone else does but because I know that I dance my pants off when the carnival
comes I know that I literally go all out 100% I don't hold back and so for me I have to consider
I have to do a little test run I have to put the costume on and literally jump around like crazy
and be like okay is it going to fall off because this is probably what I'll do on the day of the
carnival you know when the music starts playing and when you know the whistles start blowing
everyone's there and the energy really rises I'm not going to be like oh yeah just doing a sidestep
you know in a few turns here no I'm going crazy so I need to make sure that my costume is going
to be able to last my dancing and so yeah I guess over the years these are things that I've come to
learn and it's been really good for me because it's things that I can apply to other things as
well I think carnival has taught me a lot of skills a lot of teamwork skills a lot of creative
skills you know working with different materials and also teaching skills because even when I wasn't
you know part of the team even when I wasn't working even when I was just a child and I was
just participating or as a teenager whatever you know you're still having to to work with a group
of people and you're still having to dance with a group of people and sometimes you have to help
each other out because you some people can't make every day some people can only make once a week
and you want to make sure that you look great as a group when the day the carnival comes so it's
also about helping each other out and you know if that person only comes on a Tuesday and you know
that oh she's only going to come next Tuesday well that next Tuesday I'm going to make sure
that even though the teacher's delivering the exercises and delivering the the steps
but you're also there to help that person as well and if you know that you can contribute and you
know that oh well I know how to break this step down you know it goes like this and blah blah blah
and in it you know likewise if you know that you're going to see that person outside of carnival and
you're not you might see them in town or you know that you're it's one of your friends and you're
going to meet them on the weekend to have a cup of tea or whatever you know you're still going to make
that effort to to talk about well you know carnival's next weekend so let's try and go
over it really quickly and you know get it together and it's all about teamwork even if you're not
part of even if you're not a professional working for the carnival and you're still just a member
of public and I think that's what's really nice as well being on the other side when I have been
working as a professional in the carnival and you see the members of public working together as a
team and you see you know members of public who you know they may not have great experience in
in artistry or or you know making things and crafting but they still are able to help each
other and oh well you know I was using a biro pen to stick the sequins down you know because that
you know helps to make sure I don't burn my fingers and to someone who's never used a
glue gun before and they've just burnt themselves and it's like you know all these little they might
sound silly but they are still tricks to the trade and you know little things that help when you're
making things and and especially when you see children doing that and they you know the way
that children communicate is really fascinating because they always talk like they're little
adults you know but then you're looking at them you know oh they're so cute and she's like oh yes
well you know you have to make sure that when you're stapling it you know that you do you hold it
here and you know and it's just so cute because it it's really a very positive environment and
you see a lot of people change over the you know even though it's only three weeks and it's not
that long you see a lot of people change over those three weeks and especially people who've never
been before and you know they might have come the first week and they're very unsure and they're not
you know they're doubtful of whether they want to do it or not and they don't really ask questions
because they don't really they don't want to bother you and but they still don't know what they're
doing how to make you know what what are they cutting out they don't know how to do it but
they're sitting there and you know that oh they're a bit unsure so you go and talk to them and you
encourage them and you say oh you know don't worry you can do this and you have your 10 minute break
and you can come back whenever you want and blah blah blah and gradually then the second week they
come back and they're a bit more familiar and they they actually know what they're doing so that
you see them kind of going up and getting their own things and you know they're a little bit more
confident and then they do come up and ask you know oh i wanted to do this but i was thinking
this might look better and and you start to see that they then offer their own opinions of you
know how they want to make the costume and that's also nice as well because some people come up with
really good ideas and they commit themselves to those ideas as well which is really nice
to see sometimes when someone comes and they actually end up making their own their own
costume and you know it's all great when someone's all talk but you sometimes you just don't know
because you don't know that person you don't know if they've got experience you don't know
how often they've done things like this so sometimes someone come and go oh yeah yeah i'm
gonna make this costume i'm gonna do this and blah blah and you're kind of nodding your head
yes okay okay let's see you know but it's really nice when you get to the last week and that person
has actually achieved that and you go oh my god like it's not that i wasn't expecting much of you
but it's that actually you've gone on your own journey and you've given yourself your own
goals and achievements and you've structured your time and you've been organized with it and
that's really really important i think when you see people do that because it also it it lets other
people see that as well because other people kind of go oh but she made that costume herself wow and
they've seen all the hard work that that person's put into it and it makes them think and they go
wow well i was just coming in monday once a week and you know could have come in a bit more but
now it makes me feel like i should be coming in more and you know it makes me want to actually
make my own costume and that's i think great because it actually boosts everyone else up
and it brings everyone on a on a higher level and i think that's what's really good about carnival
is that you're always you're never satisfied with you know just what you can get first chance
there's always a well now i'm going to improve it this much more or now that the second week's gone
and i've made my costumes finished but you know what i'm still not satisfied i want to make it
even better and it's always those people that you're watching on the sides that make you kind of
reflect on yourself about those things because someone in that room is always going to be pushing
to the next level and that's what brings everyone else up to push the next level and i think that's
what's what's really great about carnival but yeah i think later on as i going back to you know my
experiences carnival later on when i was a little bit older i started to then you know do my own
things so when i was about six 16 17 that's when i kind of you know i still was you know just coming
along every few days a week and my mum was still working on the carnival and you know we'd kind of
me and my mum that's that's another conversation but you know it's it's it's funny kind of
being a child and your mum's taking you along and then you start to become a little bit more
independent and your mum's working on the carnival and it's this kind of thing of well fion you know
you should be coming in and you know you need to do this and make sure that you go to the rehearsal
and you're like yes yes mum yes mum and then you know it changes because then it's it's a different
story when you're working on the carnival and your mom's working on the carnival and it's just it's
totally different but um i'll talk about that later but going back to going back to you know
participating in the carnival at that age you know i was more independent so i remember being
a little bit rebellious sometimes and you know the the style of the costume was this and i was like
yeah i like that but i want to do it like this you know and this this kind of like subtle quiet
rebellious rebelliousness coming out you know where i remember one year i cut my skirt much shorter
than it was supposed to be and it was quite funny actually because my mum was like fion what are
you doing this is not how the costume's supposed to be you're not allowed to do that and i guess
as well when you when your parent is a member of the staff and you've got friends and their parents
aren't so it's almost like it's almost like you're on a pedestal a bit i guess because they look up to
you and whatever you do they copy and so that was the problem with that year and that's why i got
really told off about it was because i cut my skirt because i thought well you know i'm going
to do what i want to do and i cut my skirt a lot shorter and turned up and all the other girls had
really long skirts and they looked at me and they're like why is your skirt really short and i was
like i just thought it looked better and then literally within the next 20 minutes all these
four other girls had also cut their skirts really short and then someone came along and was like
what is going on that's a waste of fabric you know and it's all these things that you don't consider
because you're kind of being absent-minded about oh well you know i want to look the best and
you know and you don't think about all these other things because you know you're still
essentially you're still just a kid you know turning up and just participating in this happy
free-go-lucky carnival experience but yeah that's that's i remember that year kind of
i guess stepping out a little bit and being a little bit more independent and then the year
after that you know it wasn't like that then because i thought oh yeah i'm older now i need
to be more responsible and yes people are gonna follow me if i do something some you know other
people are going to do the same so that means i can't you know for example i can't be
alternating my costume the way that you know i might want to um because then that means that
everyone else is allowed to do the same and then where do you where do you leave where do you go
with that if everyone starts doing their own changes to their own costumes then you don't
have a structure anymore so then you have to you start thinking on the bigger picture and the and
the the perspective of how and the knock-on effect of everything else it's not just about you anymore
and that's also something that is really important about carnival it's never just about you and
i guess you have to go through that experience to realize that because sometimes people do turn up
and they do go well i want this costume and i this and i that and you know eventually they realize
that well actually you don't have that much fun when it's just about you you know with the day of
the carnival yeah you might have the best costume or you might have chosen the best costume and you
might be with the best band and you might be in the best location of the carnival but then it's
still you're still by yourself and then it's like are you having a great time now that you've got
your best costume and you're with the best band and does that actually give you the opportunity to
have the greatest carnival year no it doesn't because it is about being with everyone else
and sometimes i've had the greatest experience even when i'm in a costume that i really don't like
and it's because you have to kind of forget about the superficial things because it's not about the
superficial things even though we are making costumes that look fantastic it's not always
about looking fantastic it's also about being able to engage with everyone around you and being
able to engage on all levels because you do get all types of people coming in and doing carnival
you get people with special needs you get people with learning disabilities you get people with
social inadequacies or you know people who have issues at home and so they're not as confident
you get people who are extremely confident and love to talk about all the things they're doing
and bring it to the carnival as well and you get people who are extremely skilled and can actually
really help in the process even though they're not part of the team you also get people who've
never done anything like this before and they can't dance and they can't you know play drums here and
there but they still get involved and they still try really hard and eventually they do actually
get something out of it and it's about giving everyone the opportunity to engage with each other
so yeah i think over the years that is what i've come to realise that's the fundamental about
carnival it's really about connecting with lots of different types of people and you know when i
started to work in the carnival that's something that really comes to play because you have to be
able to communicate with all different types of people you know you have to be able to communicate
with people who aren't that fortunate and for them carnival is amazing and you know they kind of want
to take everything that they can at first opportunity and they and you know thinking oh
my god everything's free let's just make the most of it you know i mean but then at the same time
you're talking to people who've done it for years and they're like oh yeah it's nothing to me you
know it's just you know the usual you know and it's like it's a very different head space when
you you're literally in one minute you're talking to someone who's got special needs and literally
two seconds later someone else is coming to you who's got loads of experience who's got loads of
ideas and they're like oh i wanted to do this but then i want to do that and then you know and you're
like oh my god like i've just been trying to get someone who doesn't want to do anything at all
trying to get them to do at least one thing and then i'm trying to get someone else to not do
everything that they want to do because there's too many ideas but i'm trying to get them to focus
on one thing you know so it's quite broad when you're working in the carnival it's a very broad
place to be and especially for me i i have experienced in a few different things you know
so i'm experienced as a dancer but that's not just my forte because i love making things i love
crafting and i love you know the the sequining and and um that's it called a fiber pole making
fiber pole and making the infrastructures for backpacks and um i do so occasionally i'm not
one for sewing that much i've got to say it's probably not the greatest but you know when
you've only got two people on the sewing machine and you've got about 50 costumes that need sewing
yes you have to unfortunately have to get the people who aren't that great at sewing to help
along and that was me um so i've been you know involved in all the different aspects and
to the extent as well of playing drums and getting involved with the percussion
and so for me it's really satisfying because a lot of other opportunities that i have they're always
one or the other i'm either doing music or i'm doing art or i'm doing dance whether it's teaching
or performing whatever it's always one form and that's what i actually really love about carnival
it's a unique environment to work in because you're constantly going backwards and forwards
from all those different elements um you know i could have one hour where i'm dancing and literally
as soon as i've finished teaching dance i go back to making my backpack again you know and it's
very refreshing for me um and so that's the other side of it you know from being
participating in it and then working in the carnival is is a different thing altogether
because you have the responsibilities and you have to organize and you have to be um what do you call
it you have to be able to go from one thing to the other whereas when you're participating
i remember when i was you know when i was a kid i actually didn't do that much making especially
when you're a child you want loads of energy you literally sit down for 20 minutes and you do your
cutting and you're like okay i'm bored you know and then you want to just dance for the rest of
the day so for me when i was a kid i didn't do that much craft making actually i would maybe do
bits and bobs here and there but i was mainly loving the dancing and you know especially when
as soon as music was playing that was it i was up and dancing so i remember when i was a child that
was mainly an environment where i could just dance and no one would be like oh she's weird
you know because obviously if i'm in school and i just start dancing people are going to be like
yeah she's a weirdo but in carnival you know it was always normal it was always acceptable to just
go and just do whatever and pick up a drum and play it or you know paint on the wall so yeah
for me that's the the spectrum from being participating in it and working in it
it's very different but at the same time it's the same so yeah
can i just say that is one of the most eloquent accounts of a carnival journey i've ever heard
in my professional career uh fionn bless you and thank you very much indeed